---
layout: post
tags: welcome_post
categories: welcome_post
# description: What This Blog is About?
toc: true
comments: true
pin: true

image:
  path: assets/img/posts/welcome/welcome.png
  alt: Image generated by DALL-E.

math: true

mermaid: true
---

## Hi there! 👋

My name is Oscar, and I’m thrilled to welcome you to my blog—a space where I’ll share my passion for [Scientific ML](https://sites.brown.edu/bergen-lab/research/what-is-sciml/) and much more. 

## What This Blog is About ?

As a researcher, much of [my work](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=SBW8knEAAAAJ&hl=en) revolves around solving complex problems and publishing the results in academic journals. But along the way, I often explore smaller ideas, test use cases, or discover insights that don’t make it into formal publications.

This blog is my space to share those hidden gems, ideas that may not be “journal-worthy” but still offer value, spark curiosity, or inspire new ways of thinking.

So, whether you’re a curious beginner or an experienced professional, my goal is to provide you with insights, tools, and results that serve as a benchmark for furthers developments. 

## What You’ll Find Here ?

- **Physics-ML Models**: I will cover some of the state-of-the-art techniques being used in the field, such as Physics-Informed Neural Networks (PINNs), Deep Operator Networks (DeepONets), Fourier Neural Operators (FNOs), Graph Neural Networks (GNNs), and more.

- **Simple Use Case Scenarios**: Quick, exploratory tests of ideas that lay the groundwork for more advanced research.

- **Practical Applications**: Insights into how these ideas can be useful in real-world scenarios.

Posts will be presented in three main categories:

**1. Meet the Approach**: I will briefly present a new approach and apply it to solve a simple use case.

**2. Problem-Solution**: In this type of post, I will address a simple but challenging problem, proposing an adapted technique to solve it. The focus will be on explaining the limitations of traditional methods and how the tailored version overcomes these challenges.

**3. Tutorial:** Step-by-step guides on how to use a particular ML framework,  or how go beyond simple scenarios.

I enjoy creating figures using [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/) to explain complex concepts in a clear and pedagogical way. I hope this also helps!

## Why This Matters?

Not every idea needs to be groundbreaking to be worth sharing. Sometimes, it’s the smaller, iterative steps that pave the way for larger breakthroughs. I hope this blog will inspire readers to value the journey of experimentation and find new ways to approach challenges in their own work.

## Let’s Connect!

Feel free to reach me out on [X](https://twitter.com/olcruzgonzalez) to share your thoughts and comments on the post.

Thank you for stopping by, and I look forward to hearing from you !