---
layout: post
tags: welcome_post
categories: Welcome_Post
toc: true
comments: true
pin: true
hidden: false
published: true # true, false

image:
  path: assets/img/posts/welcome/welcome.png
  alt: Image generated by DALL-E.

math: true
mermaid: true
---

## Hi there! 👋

My name is Oscar, and I’m thrilled to welcome you to my blog—a space where I’ll share my passion for [Scientific ML](https://sites.brown.edu/bergen-lab/research/what-is-sciml/) and much more.

## What This Blog is About ?

As a researcher, much of [my work](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=SBW8knEAAAAJ&hl=en) deals with solving scientific problems and publishing the results in academic journals. But along the way, I often explore smaller ideas, test use cases, or discover insights that don’t make it into formal publications. This blog is my space to share those hidden gems.

Think of it as a living journal of my ML journey. Here, I will share what I am currently working on and the lessons I have learned. My goal is to offer a peek behind the curtain of the research process, hoping to spark curiosity, provide value to the community, and inspire new ways of approaching problems.

## What You’ll Find Here ?

Posts will be presented in three categories:

**1. Meet the Approach**: I will briefly introduce a Scientific ML approach and apply it to a simple use case to illustrate how it works.

**2. Problem-Solution**: In these posts, I will address a simple but interesting problem, presenting an adapted approach to solve it.

**3. Tutorial:** Step-by-step guides on how to use a particular ML framework and other tools.

All posts include the corresponding code in the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/olcruzgonzalez/). I also enjoy creating figures using [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org/) to explain concepts in a clear and pedagogical way. Don't miss it!

## Why This Matters?

I hope this blog will inspire readers to value the journey of experimentation and find new ways to approach challenges in their own work.

## Let’s Connect

So, whether you’re a curious beginner or an experienced professional, feel free to take a look.

You can reach me out on [X](https://twitter.com/olcruzgonzalez) to share your thoughts on the posts.

Thank you for stopping by, and I look forward to hearing from you!